README.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/NeoniteDev/NeonitePP">
    <img src="https://neonite.dev/images/neonite.png" alt="Logo" width="216" height="127">
  </a>

  <p align="center">
    Fortnite launcher, server and internal mod aimed towards advancing modding within Fortnite.
	<br />
	<a href="https://neonite.dev/">ᗒ Official Website ᗕ</a>
  </p>

  <p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/NeoniteDev/NeonitePP"></img>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/NeoniteDev/NeonitePP"></img>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/supported%20fortnite%20clients-ch2%5E-purple"></img>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- ABOUT NEONITE++ -->
## - About Neonite++

Neonite++ is a rewrite of our popular project, [NeoniteV2](https://github.com/NeoniteDev/neonitev2), fully in C++. This project was aimed to serve new and unique experiences for the game we all loved, making local usage far easier and messing with everything much easier, adding some magic touches to your game client, such as in-game single player experience. 

<br>

#### • This project is semi-discontinued, DO NOT ask for support.

_This project was made for fun and it doesn't aim to harm the original game by any means and it's not Affiliated, Associated, Authorized, Endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with EpicGames, If you are an Epic Games employee and have any problems with this project, please do not hesitate to [contact us](#contact) through your official business email._

<!-- BUILDING -->
## - Building
• We do **NOT** provide any buidling or fixing support and it does **NOT** work on latest, However going back 6~7 commits should be enough to have a version that works on old ch2 clients (s12 ~ s15), Or download a pre-compiled one [here](https://neonite.dev/cdn/NPP.zip). 


<!-- FEATURES -->
## - Features
• Neonite++ features are showcased in this twitter [thread](https://twitter.com/Neonitedev/status/1368926282189316096), also video tutorials can be found [here](https://neonite.dev/tutorials.html).

<!-- DONATING -->
## - Donate

• This project required countless hours of effort from many people, this project is an unpaid work, you do not have to donate, but if you want to have your name in this readme file, DM me on my discord `kemo#1337` or my twitter `@xkem0x`.

#### - Donators

- [Spook](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZ-uXTZGSN8lmp-nrXwz7-A)
- [TheGameVlog](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdOA0e5GsrOEDszKBnMmuUg)
- [ShuffleGamer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI2hA8WukW-Q90aabtm3Hbw) 

##### Thank you to anyone who donates and supports the development of this project, we appreciate you <3 <3!

<!-- CONTACT -->
##  - Contact

- Email: <a href="mailto:contact@neonite.dev">contact@neonite.dev</a>

- Discord Server: [Neonite](https://dsc.gg/neonite)

- Discord Messages: `kemo#1337`, `Ayal#0001 ` or `Sammy.#6969`


<!-- CREDITS -->
## - Credits

This project was made by the modding community **for** the modding community, you can include everyone who was involved in fortnite modding by a way or another in here, Everything is used with fully-granted permissions. a huge shoutout to [Project Polaris](https://github.com/PolarisV2/Polaris) and RiftFN and every-single Neoquarters member, for keeping me motivated through this long journey.


<!-- Licensing -->
## - Licensing
- [Minhook](https://github.com/TsudaKageyu/minhook) is under [MinHook License](https://github.com/TsudaKageyu/minhook/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

- [Cpp-HttpLib](https://github.com/yhirose/cpp-httplib), [Discord-RPC](https://github.com/discord/discord-rpc/), [JSON](https://github.com/nlohmann/json), and [IMGUI](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui) are under [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

- [OpenSSL](https://github.com/openssl/openssl/) is under [Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/).

- [Cryptolens](https://github.com/Cryptolens/cryptolens-cpp) is under [2-Clause BSD License](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause).

- All required Boost libs are under [Boost License](https://www.boost.org/users/license.html).

• This project is under [Neo License](https://neonite.dev/LICENSE.html), it was open-sourced to be learned from, not be copy pasted into your application, if any violation of the license or any attempt to impersonate our brand was found we will fill a DMCA Takedown request immediately.

Commit message:

made it clear that the pre-compiled version does not work on the current fortnite version

README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/NeoniteDev/NeonitePP">
    <img src="https://neonite.dev/images/neonite.png" alt="Logo" width="216" height="127">
  </a>

  <p align="center">
    Fortnite launcher, server and internal mod aimed towards advancing modding within Fortnite.
	<br />
	<a href="https://neonite.dev/">ᗒ Official Website ᗕ</a>
  </p>

  <p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/NeoniteDev/NeonitePP"></img>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/NeoniteDev/NeonitePP"></img>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/supported%20fortnite%20clients-ch2%5E-purple"></img>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- ABOUT NEONITE++ -->
## - About Neonite++

Neonite++ is a rewrite of our popular project, [NeoniteV2](https://github.com/NeoniteDev/neonitev2), fully in C++. This project was aimed to serve new and unique experiences for the game we all loved, making local usage far easier and messing with everything much easier, adding some magic touches to your game client, such as in-game single player experience. 

<br>

#### • This project is semi-discontinued, DO NOT ask for support.

_This project was made for fun and it doesn't aim to harm the original game by any means and it's not Affiliated, Associated, Authorized, Endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with EpicGames, If you are an Epic Games employee and have any problems with this project, please do not hesitate to [contact us](#contact) through your official business email._

<!-- BUILDING -->
## - Building
• We do **NOT** provide any buidling or fixing support and it does **NOT** work on latest, However going back 6~7 commits should be enough to have a version that works on old ch2 clients (s12 ~ s15), Or download a pre-compiled one [here](https://neonite.dev/cdn/NPP.zip) keep in mind the pre-compiled one does not work on the current version. 


<!-- FEATURES -->
## - Features
• Neonite++ features are showcased in this twitter [thread](https://twitter.com/Neonitedev/status/1368926282189316096), also video tutorials can be found [here](https://neonite.dev/tutorials.html).

<!-- DONATING -->
## - Donate

• This project required countless hours of effort from many people, this project is an unpaid work, you do not have to donate, but if you want to have your name in this readme file, DM me on my discord `kemo#1337` or my twitter `@xkem0x`.

#### - Donators

- [Spook](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZ-uXTZGSN8lmp-nrXwz7-A)
- [TheGameVlog](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdOA0e5GsrOEDszKBnMmuUg)
- [ShuffleGamer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI2hA8WukW-Q90aabtm3Hbw) 

##### Thank you to anyone who donates and supports the development of this project, we appreciate you <3 <3!

<!-- CONTACT -->
##  - Contact

- Email: <a href="mailto:contact@neonite.dev">contact@neonite.dev</a>

- Discord Server: [Neonite](https://dsc.gg/neonite)

- Discord Messages: `kemo#1337`, `Ayal#0001 ` or `Sammy.#6969`


<!-- CREDITS -->
## - Credits

This project was made by the modding community **for** the modding community, you can include everyone who was involved in fortnite modding by a way or another in here, Everything is used with fully-granted permissions. a huge shoutout to [Project Polaris](https://github.com/PolarisV2/Polaris) and RiftFN and every-single Neoquarters member, for keeping me motivated through this long journey.


<!-- Licensing -->
## - Licensing
- [Minhook](https://github.com/TsudaKageyu/minhook) is under [MinHook License](https://github.com/TsudaKageyu/minhook/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

- [Cpp-HttpLib](https://github.com/yhirose/cpp-httplib), [Discord-RPC](https://github.com/discord/discord-rpc/), [JSON](https://github.com/nlohmann/json), and [IMGUI](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui) are under [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

- [OpenSSL](https://github.com/openssl/openssl/) is under [Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/).

- [Cryptolens](https://github.com/Cryptolens/cryptolens-cpp) is under [2-Clause BSD License](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause).

- All required Boost libs are under [Boost License](https://www.boost.org/users/license.html).

• This project is under [Neo License](https://neonite.dev/LICENSE.html), it was open-sourced to be learned from, not be copy pasted into your application, if any violation of the license or any attempt to impersonate our brand was found we will fill a DMCA Takedown request immediately.
